fppCecStatus                                  fpp_mc_set_display
fpp_3d_auto_detect_3d                         fpp_mc_set_display_window
fpp_3d_get_2d_to_3d_depth                     fpp_mc_shmWrite
fpp_3d_get_3d_aspect_mode                     fpp_mc_shm_block_init
fpp_3d_get_3d_lr_switch                       fpp_mc_shm_init
fpp_3d_get_3d_to_2d_mode                      fpp_mc_shm_uninit
fpp_3d_get_current_3d_mode                    fpp_mc_shm_write_block
fpp_3d_init                                   fpp_mc_status_callback
fpp_3d_set_2d_to_3d_depth                     fpp_mc_txt_decode_pushData
fpp_3d_set_3d_aspect_mode                     fpp_mc_txt_on_off
fpp_3d_set_3d_lr_switch                       fpp_mc_uninit
fpp_3d_set_3d_mode                            fpp_mc_video_decode_getPts
fpp_3d_set_3d_phase                           fpp_mc_video_decode_pushData
fpp_3d_set_3d_to_2d_mode                      fpp_mct_debug_menu
fpp_3d_set_panel_type                         fpp_mct_enter
fpp_abnormal_play_context                     fpp_mct_exit
fpp_abnormal_play_context_s                   fpp_mct_get_info
fpp_abnormal_play_context_t                   fpp_mct_hdcp_deinit
fpp_abnormal_play_task                        fpp_mct_hdcp_init
fpp_arc_setting                               fpp_mct_play
fpp_atbm8878_change_delivery                  fpp_mct_push_data
fpp_atbm8878_get_current_delivery             fpp_mct_set_info
fpp_atbm8878_get_lock_status                  fpp_media_decode_deinitialize
fpp_atbm8878_get_signal_quality               fpp_media_decode_flush
fpp_atbm8878_get_signal_strength              fpp_media_decode_initialize
fpp_atbm8878_get_timeout_by_delivery          fpp_media_decode_pause
fpp_atbm8878_set_active                       fpp_media_decode_resume
fpp_atbm8878_start_connect                    fpp_media_deocder_set_dbg_process
fpp_atv_process_signal_formatchange           fpp_media_get_parameter
fpp_atv_process_signal_locked                 fpp_media_setDecodeMode
fpp_atv_process_signal_unlock                 fpp_media_setFrameDeocdeMode
fpp_audio_SPDIF_mute                          fpp_media_setSlowForward
fpp_audio_amp_init                            fpp_media_set_display
fpp_audio_amp_mute                            fpp_media_set_parameter
fpp_audio_amp_set_sence_mode                  fpp_mhl_get_3D_status
fpp_audio_avout_mute                          fpp_mhl_get_input_cable_status
fpp_audio_bluetooth_mute                      fpp_mhl_get_input_signal_status
fpp_audio_decode_getPts                       fpp_mhl_init_chip
fpp_audio_decode_pushData                     fpp_mhl_register_callback_func
fpp_audio_get_bluetooth_status                fpp_mhl_set_5VCharge_onoff
fpp_audio_get_digital_info                    fpp_mhl_set_cmd_to_device
fpp_audio_get_ktv_audio_volume                fpp_module_e
fpp_audio_headphone_enable_avl                fpp_ms_audio_decode_getPts
fpp_audio_headphone_mute                      fpp_ms_decode_callback
fpp_audio_headphone_set_balance               fpp_ms_decode_deinitialize
fpp_audio_headphone_set_bass                  fpp_ms_decode_flush
fpp_audio_headphone_set_equalizer             fpp_ms_decode_get_audio_info
fpp_audio_headphone_set_treble                fpp_ms_decode_get_video_info
fpp_audio_headphone_set_volume                fpp_ms_decode_initialize
fpp_audio_init                                fpp_ms_decode_pause
fpp_audio_lineout_mute                        fpp_ms_decode_pushData
fpp_audio_set_AD_volume                       fpp_ms_decode_push_eos
fpp_audio_set_SPDIF_delay                     fpp_ms_decode_register_callback
fpp_audio_set_SPDIF_scms                      fpp_ms_decode_resume
fpp_audio_set_SPDIF_type                      fpp_ms_decode_set_aspectRatio
fpp_audio_set_audio_CompMode                  fpp_ms_decode_set_audio_info
fpp_audio_set_audio_boostCutParams            fpp_ms_decode_set_video_info
fpp_audio_set_avout_volume                    fpp_ms_do_refresh_window
fpp_audio_set_bluetooth_volume                fpp_ms_evt_cb
fpp_audio_set_delay                           fpp_ms_getBufferThreshold
fpp_audio_set_dolby_level                     fpp_ms_init
fpp_audio_set_dolby_on_off                    fpp_ms_linein_open_storage
fpp_audio_set_dolby_sence_mode                fpp_ms_mode_handle
fpp_audio_set_dolby_sence_mode_graphic_EQ     fpp_ms_refresh_display_window
fpp_audio_set_dolby_sence_mode_personal       fpp_ms_setBufferThreshold
fpp_audio_set_headphone_graphic_equalizer     fpp_ms_setDecodeMode
fpp_audio_set_ktv_audio_volume                fpp_ms_setFrameDeocdeMode
fpp_audio_set_lineout_volume                  fpp_ms_setSlowForward
fpp_audio_set_main_volume                     fpp_ms_set_display
fpp_audio_set_output_channel_type             fpp_ms_set_display_window
fpp_audio_set_speaker_graphic_equalizer       fpp_ms_shm_data_push
fpp_audio_set_stereo                          fpp_ms_shm_init
fpp_audio_speaker_enable_avl                  fpp_ms_shm_read_block
fpp_audio_speaker_mute                        fpp_ms_shm_uninit
fpp_audio_speaker_set_balance                 fpp_ms_socket_data_push
fpp_audio_speaker_set_bass                    fpp_ms_socket_init
fpp_audio_speaker_set_equalizer               fpp_ms_socket_uninit
fpp_audio_speaker_set_treble                  fpp_ms_tranport_uninit
fpp_audio_speaker_set_volume                  fpp_ms_transport_get_type
fpp_avl6211_change_delivery                   fpp_ms_transport_init
fpp_avl6211_get_current_delivery              fpp_ms_ttx_on_off
fpp_avl6211_get_lock_status                   fpp_ms_uninit
fpp_avl6211_get_signal_quality                fpp_ms_video_decode_getPts
fpp_avl6211_get_signal_strength               fpp_nvram_erase
fpp_avl6211_get_timeout_by_delivery           fpp_nvram_init
fpp_avl6211_send_blind_scan_command           fpp_nvram_read_by_addr
fpp_avl6211_send_diseqc_command               fpp_nvram_upgrade
fpp_avl6211_set_0_12v_switch                  fpp_nvram_write_by_addr
fpp_avl6211_set_22k_switch                    fpp_panel_power_on_off
fpp_avl6211_set_22k_tone_burst                fpp_parser_add_request
fpp_avl6211_set_active                        fpp_parser_filter_callback
fpp_avl6211_set_antenna_power                 fpp_parser_get_data
fpp_avl6211_start_connect                     fpp_parser_get_request_state
fpp_avl6211_stop_connect                      fpp_parser_get_stc
fpp_board_get_soft_svn_info                   fpp_parser_init
fpp_board_ic_init                             fpp_parser_pes_close
fpp_board_rtc_get_clk                         fpp_parser_pes_get_data
fpp_board_rtc_init                            fpp_parser_pes_open
fpp_board_rtc_set_clk                         fpp_parser_pid_close
fpp_board_soc_init                            fpp_parser_pid_open
fpp_capture_audio_close                       fpp_parser_pid_set
fpp_capture_audio_deinit                      fpp_parser_pid_start
fpp_capture_audio_get_channel_count           fpp_parser_pid_stop
fpp_capture_audio_init                        fpp_parser_remove_request
fpp_capture_audio_mute                        fpp_parser_request_para_t
fpp_capture_audio_set_callback                fpp_parser_restart_request
fpp_capture_audio_set_mixer                   fpp_parser_stc_get
fpp_capture_audio_set_param                   fpp_pbi_close
fpp_capture_audio_start                       fpp_pbi_debug_menu
fpp_capture_audio_stop                        fpp_pbi_divxdrm_reset
fpp_cec_clear_buffer                          fpp_pbi_enter_mm
fpp_cec_config_wake_up                        fpp_pbi_exit_mm
fpp_cec_get_msg_count                         fpp_pbi_get_container_info
fpp_cec_get_rx_data                           fpp_pbi_get_cover
fpp_cec_init_chip                             fpp_pbi_get_dbg_msg
fpp_cec_set_arc_atmos_status                  fpp_pbi_get_divxdrm_deactivecode
fpp_cec_set_arc_type                          fpp_pbi_get_divxdrm_protectinfo
fpp_cec_setting                               fpp_pbi_get_divxdrm_regcode
fpp_cec_tx_msg                                fpp_pbi_get_duration
fpp_channel_check_sync_status                 fpp_pbi_get_id3_info
fpp_channel_get_aft_status                    fpp_pbi_get_mkvinfo
fpp_channel_get_analog_min_step               fpp_pbi_get_picture_info
fpp_channel_init                              fpp_pbi_get_picutre_zoom_region
fpp_channel_set_If                            fpp_pbi_get_program_number
fpp_channel_start_audio_auto_detection        fpp_pbi_get_pts
fpp_channel_stop_audio_auto_detection         fpp_pbi_get_subtitle_embeded_track_info
fpp_channel_tune_analog                       fpp_pbi_get_subtitle_plug_track_info
fpp_channel_tune_start                        fpp_pbi_get_subtitle_ts_embeded_track_info
fpp_channel_whether_secam_ll                  fpp_pbi_get_track_info
fpp_ci_dm_auth_context_t                      fpp_pbi_get_ts_track_info
fpp_ci_dm_cert_info                           fpp_pbi_get_window_by_aspec_ratio
fpp_ci_dm_close_session                       fpp_pbi_guard_divxdrm_id
fpp_ci_dm_credential_id_e                     fpp_pbi_open
fpp_ci_dm_data_t                              fpp_pbi_pause
fpp_ci_dm_erase_auth_contexts                 fpp_pbi_picture_get_thumbnail
fpp_ci_dm_erase_certificate                   fpp_pbi_picture_move
fpp_ci_dm_get_auth_context                    fpp_pbi_picture_rotate
fpp_ci_dm_get_credential_data                 fpp_pbi_picture_set_animation
fpp_ci_dm_get_credential_length               fpp_pbi_picture_set_display
fpp_ci_dm_init                                fpp_pbi_picture_zoom_in
fpp_ci_dm_open_session                        fpp_pbi_picture_zoom_out
fpp_ci_dm_set_auth_context_active             fpp_pbi_play
fpp_ci_dm_store_auth_context                  fpp_pbi_register_callback
fpp_ci_dm_update_certificate                  fpp_pbi_register_subtitle_callback
fpp_component_process_signal_formatchange     fpp_pbi_resume
fpp_component_process_signal_locked           fpp_pbi_set_backward
fpp_component_process_signal_unlock           fpp_pbi_set_dbg_amute_flag
fpp_cvbs_process_signal_formatchange          fpp_pbi_set_dbg_modelID_flag
fpp_cvbs_process_signal_locked                fpp_pbi_set_dbg_process
fpp_cvbs_process_signal_unlock                fpp_pbi_set_dbg_scaler_flag
fpp_cxd2837_change_delivery                   fpp_pbi_set_dbg_vin_flag
fpp_cxd2837_get_current_delivery              fpp_pbi_set_dbg_willeffect_flag
fpp_cxd2837_get_lock_status                   fpp_pbi_set_forward
fpp_cxd2837_get_plp_list                      fpp_pbi_set_parameter
fpp_cxd2837_get_signal_ber                    fpp_pbi_set_program
fpp_cxd2837_get_signal_quality                fpp_pbi_set_scene
fpp_cxd2837_get_signal_strength               fpp_pbi_set_seek
fpp_cxd2837_get_timeout_by_delivery           fpp_pbi_set_slow_motion
fpp_cxd2837_init                              fpp_pbi_set_subtitle_plug_subtitles
fpp_cxd2837_set_active                        fpp_pbi_set_subtitle_plug_track
fpp_cxd2837_start_connect                     fpp_pbi_set_subtitle_track
fpp_cxd2837_term                              fpp_pbi_set_track
fpp_dcapp_debug_menu                          fpp_pbi_set_video_display
fpp_dcapp_enter                               fpp_pbi_show_container_info
fpp_dcapp_exit                                fpp_pbi_show_dbg_msg
fpp_dcapp_get_info                            fpp_pbi_stop
fpp_dcapp_send_cmd                            fpp_pbi_sub_render
fpp_dcapp_set_info                            fpp_pbi_switch_chapter
fpp_decode_audio_get_pts                      fpp_pbi_switch_title
fpp_decode_audio_pause                        fpp_pbi_video_get_thumbnail
fpp_decode_audio_pause_audio_file             fpp_pc_process_signal_formatchange
fpp_decode_audio_play                         fpp_pc_process_signal_locked
fpp_decode_audio_play_audio_file              fpp_pc_process_signal_unlock
fpp_decode_audio_play_load_audio_file         fpp_pcmcia_card_e
fpp_decode_audio_reset                        fpp_pcmcia_cardmovement_isr_install
fpp_decode_audio_resume                       fpp_pcmcia_get_interrupt_mode
fpp_decode_audio_resume_audio_file            fpp_pcmcia_hardware_reset
fpp_decode_audio_stop                         fpp_pcmcia_init
fpp_decode_audio_stop_audio_file              fpp_pcmcia_interrupt_mode_t
fpp_decode_get_aspect_ratio                   fpp_pcmcia_is_card_insert
fpp_decode_get_audio_info                     fpp_pcmcia_is_ready
fpp_decode_get_video_info                     fpp_pcmcia_power_off
fpp_decode_push_eos                           fpp_pcmcia_power_on
fpp_decode_register_callback                  fpp_pcmcia_read_attribute
fpp_decode_set_audio_info                     fpp_pcmcia_read_data
fpp_decode_set_video_info                     fpp_pcmcia_read_io
fpp_decode_video_audio_get_source_type        fpp_pcmcia_set_bypass
fpp_decode_video_audio_init                   fpp_pcmcia_statusreg_isr_fn
fpp_decode_video_audio_register_callback      fpp_pcmcia_statusreg_isr_install
fpp_decode_video_audio_set_source_type        fpp_pcmcia_write_attribute
fpp_decode_video_audio_set_sync_mode          fpp_pcmcia_write_data
fpp_decode_video_audio_terminate              fpp_pcmcia_write_io
fpp_decode_video_freeze                       fpp_power_get_backlight
fpp_decode_video_get_pts                      fpp_power_get_led_status
fpp_decode_video_get_stc                      fpp_power_get_wakeup_source
fpp_decode_video_pause                        fpp_power_off
fpp_decode_video_play                         fpp_power_set_backlight
fpp_decode_video_play_iframe                  fpp_power_set_ir_wakeup_method
fpp_decode_video_reset                        fpp_power_set_keypad_wakeup_method
fpp_decode_video_resume                       fpp_power_set_led_status
fpp_decode_video_set_last_frame               fpp_pvr_audio_buffer_flush
fpp_decode_video_stop                         fpp_pvr_audio_buffer_get_fullness
fpp_decode_video_stop_iframe                  fpp_pvr_get_record_free_pids_filter_number
fpp_demod_add_device                          fpp_pvr_hd_encrypt_enable_disable
fpp_demod_blind_result_state_t                fpp_pvr_query_playback_motion_prop
fpp_demod_blind_scan_command_type_t           fpp_pvr_record_start
fpp_demod_blind_scan_start_param_t            fpp_pvr_record_stop
fpp_demod_blind_scan_state_t                  fpp_pvr_scan_done_notify
fpp_demod_connect_mode_t                      fpp_pvr_set_playback_motion
fpp_demod_event_callback_t                    fpp_pvr_set_record_pids
fpp_demod_event_t                             fpp_pvr_tsi_change_buffer_fullness
fpp_demod_get_current_delivery                fpp_pvr_tsi_get_buffer
fpp_demod_get_dvbt2_plp_list                  fpp_pvr_tsi_get_buffer_fullness
fpp_demod_get_lnb_frequency_from_local_tuner  fpp_pvr_tsi_init
fpp_demod_get_local_frequency_from_lnb        fpp_pvr_tsi_reset_buffer_fullness
fpp_demod_get_lock_status                     fpp_pvr_tsi_start_stop
fpp_demod_get_signal_ber                      fpp_pvr_tsi_term
fpp_demod_get_signal_quality                  fpp_pvr_vdec_is_step_disp_done
fpp_demod_get_signal_strength                 fpp_pvr_video_buffer_flush
fpp_demod_init                                fpp_pvr_video_buffer_get_fullness
fpp_demod_register_callback                   fpp_scart_get_pin16_level
fpp_demod_send_blind_scan_command             fpp_scart_get_pin8_level
fpp_demod_send_diseqc_command                 fpp_scart_get_port_enable_status
fpp_demod_set_0_12v_switch                    fpp_scart_in_set_video_type
fpp_demod_set_22k_switch                      fpp_scart_init
fpp_demod_set_active                          fpp_scart_out_insert_ttx
fpp_demod_set_antenna_power                   fpp_scart_out_mute
fpp_demod_set_lnb_type                        fpp_scart_out_set_cgms_a_mode
fpp_demod_set_tone_burst                      fpp_scart_out_set_macrovision_mode
fpp_demod_signal_callback                     fpp_scart_out_set_pin8_level
fpp_demod_start_connect                       fpp_scart_out_set_source
fpp_demod_stop_connect                        fpp_scart_out_set_video_type
fpp_demod_term                                fpp_scart_out_set_wss
fpp_demux_get_source_type                     fpp_scart_process_signal_formatchange
fpp_demux_set_source_type                     fpp_scart_process_signal_locked
fpp_desc_capability                           fpp_scart_process_signal_unlock
fpp_desc_close_descrambler                    fpp_sec_get_seed
fpp_desc_get_capability                       fpp_sec_get_unique_id
fpp_desc_init                                 fpp_set_audio_mts_mode
fpp_desc_key_type_e                           fpp_signal_check_routine
fpp_desc_open_descrambler                     fpp_signal_get_color_space
fpp_desc_set_descrambler_key                  fpp_signal_get_color_system
fpp_desc_set_descrambler_pid                  fpp_signal_get_disp_framerate
fpp_desc_set_descrambler_type                 fpp_signal_get_format
fpp_desc_stream_type_e                        fpp_signal_get_frequncy
fpp_desc_terminate                            fpp_signal_get_hdmi_provider_type
fpp_desc_type_e                               fpp_signal_get_info
fpp_driver_init                               fpp_signal_get_lock_state
fpp_dtv_av_pause                              fpp_signal_get_sound_system
fpp_dtv_av_play                               fpp_signal_get_video_size
fpp_dtv_av_resume                             fpp_signal_get_wss
fpp_dtv_av_stop                               fpp_signal_is_dvi
fpp_dtv_get_audio_status                      fpp_signal_is_interlaced
fpp_dtv_get_video_status                      fpp_signal_monitor_afd_change
fpp_dtv_is_av_sync                            fpp_signal_monitor_exinit
fpp_dtv_play_finalize                         fpp_signal_monitor_formatchange
fpp_dtv_play_init                             fpp_signal_monitor_init
fpp_dtv_process_signal_formatchange           fpp_signal_monitor_lock
fpp_dtv_process_signal_locked                 fpp_signal_monitor_scart_change
fpp_dtv_process_signal_unlock                 fpp_signal_monitor_src_insert
fpp_dtv_set_av_sync                           fpp_signal_monitor_unlock
fpp_dtv_video_set_freeze                      fpp_signal_monitor_wss_change
fpp_expands                                   fpp_signal_set_color_system
fpp_extern_demod_init                         fpp_signal_set_hdmi_provider_type
fpp_extern_demod_set_active                   fpp_signal_set_sound_system
fpp_extern_demod_term                         fpp_status_cb
fpp_factory_close_mode_uart                   fpp_svideo_process_signal_formatchange
fpp_factory_get_ic_version                    fpp_svideo_process_signal_locked
fpp_factory_ic_dump                           fpp_svideo_process_signal_unlock
fpp_factory_ic_write                          fpp_system_debug_key_set
fpp_factory_open_mode_uart                    fpp_system_enter_4k2k_mode
fpp_factory_read_mode_uart                    fpp_system_exit_4k2k_mode
fpp_factory_set_adc_gain_offset               fpp_system_fast_create_file
fpp_factory_set_auto_adc                      fpp_system_fast_create_file_get_progress
fpp_factory_set_ssc                           fpp_system_fpp_debug_switch
fpp_factory_set_white_balance                 fpp_system_get_average_luma
fpp_factory_uart_operate                      fpp_system_get_luma_level_distribution
fpp_factory_watch_dog_operate                 fpp_system_get_panel_resolution
fpp_factory_write_mode_uart                   fpp_system_get_pixel_info
fpp_get_audio_mts_mode                        fpp_system_get_pq_demo_mode
fpp_get_current_linein                        fpp_system_init
fpp_gpio_configure                            fpp_system_is_4k2k_mode
fpp_gpio_get                                  fpp_system_monitor_bluetooth
fpp_gpio_getdirection                         fpp_system_panel_get_param_bool
fpp_gpio_init                                 fpp_system_panel_reset_tcon
fpp_gpio_set                                  fpp_system_panel_set_bit_mode
fpp_gpio_term                                 fpp_system_panel_set_osd_mirror
fpp_graphics_mute                             fpp_system_panel_set_param_bool
fpp_hdmi_process_signal_formatchange          fpp_system_panel_set_polarity
fpp_hdmi_process_signal_locked                fpp_system_panel_set_swap_port
fpp_hdmi_process_signal_unlock                fpp_system_panel_set_ti_mode
fpp_iic_init                                  fpp_system_panel_set_video_mirror
fpp_iic_read                                  fpp_system_pwm_set
fpp_iic_reset                                 fpp_system_set_bluetooth_enable
fpp_iic_term                                  fpp_system_set_config_path_and_name
fpp_iic_write                                 fpp_system_set_gpu_ddr_ratio
fpp_inner_demod_change_delivery               fpp_system_set_panel_file_name
fpp_inner_demod_get_current_delivery          fpp_system_set_pq
fpp_inner_demod_get_lock_status               fpp_system_set_pq_demo_mode
fpp_inner_demod_get_signal_quality            fpp_system_set_pq_dir_path
fpp_inner_demod_get_signal_strength           fpp_system_usb_format
fpp_inner_demod_get_timeout_by_delivery       fpp_system_usb_get_formatting_progress
fpp_inner_demod_init                          fpp_timer_power_on_time
fpp_inner_demod_set_active                    fpp_trustzone_read_manufss
fpp_inner_demod_start_connect                 fpp_trustzone_verify_manufss
fpp_inner_demod_stop_connect                  fpp_trustzone_write_manufss
fpp_inner_demod_term                          fpp_vbi_ttx_cleanup
fpp_int                                       fpp_vbi_ttx_init
fpp_linein_atv_play                           fpp_vbi_ttx_register_callback
fpp_linein_atv_stop                           fpp_vbi_ttx_sliced_data_t
fpp_linein_close_atv                          fpp_vbi_ttx_start_capture
fpp_linein_close_component                    fpp_vbi_ttx_stop_capture
fpp_linein_close_cvbs                         fpp_vbi_ttx_unregister_callback
fpp_linein_close_dtv                          fpp_video_adjustment_item_t
fpp_linein_close_hdmi                         fpp_video_decode_getPts
fpp_linein_close_ktv                          fpp_video_decode_pushData
fpp_linein_close_pc                           fpp_video_enable_dynamic_contrast
fpp_linein_close_scart                        fpp_video_enable_film_mode
fpp_linein_close_storage                      fpp_video_freeze
fpp_linein_close_svideo                       fpp_video_get_background_light
fpp_linein_open_atv                           fpp_video_get_black_field_status
fpp_linein_open_component                     fpp_video_init
fpp_linein_open_cvbs                          fpp_video_mute
fpp_linein_open_dtv                           fpp_video_out_mute_output
fpp_linein_open_hdmi                          fpp_video_set_background_light
fpp_linein_open_ktv                           fpp_video_set_black_stretch
fpp_linein_open_pc                            fpp_video_set_brightness
fpp_linein_open_scart                         fpp_video_set_color_param
fpp_linein_open_storage                       fpp_video_set_color_warmth
fpp_linein_open_svideo                        fpp_video_set_colorspace
fpp_linein_src_insert_check                   fpp_video_set_contrast
fpp_mc_audio_decode_getPts                    fpp_video_set_filterwindow
fpp_mc_audio_decode_pushData                  fpp_video_set_flesh_tone
fpp_mc_data_push                              fpp_video_set_game_mode
fpp_mc_data_push_init                         fpp_video_set_gamma
fpp_mc_data_push_uninit                       fpp_video_set_gamma_10p
fpp_mc_decode_deinitialize                    fpp_video_set_hue
fpp_mc_decode_flush                           fpp_video_set_mpeg_nr
fpp_mc_decode_get_audio_info                  fpp_video_set_mute_color
fpp_mc_decode_get_video_info                  fpp_video_set_noise_reduction
fpp_mc_decode_initialize                      fpp_video_set_pq_algorithm
fpp_mc_decode_pause                           fpp_video_set_saturation
fpp_mc_decode_pushData                        fpp_video_set_sharpness
fpp_mc_decode_push_eos                        fpp_video_turn_on_backlight
fpp_mc_decode_register_callback               fpp_xpt_switch_band
fpp_mc_decode_resume                          fpp_zoom_get_afd_info
fpp_mc_decode_set_aspect_ratio                fpp_zoom_get_vga_para
fpp_mc_decode_set_audio_info                  fpp_zoom_set_aspect_ratio
fpp_mc_decode_set_video_info                  fpp_zoom_set_crop_window
fpp_mc_getBufferThreshold                     fpp_zoom_set_display_window
fpp_mc_get_data_push_type                     fpp_zoom_set_vga_clock
fpp_mc_get_write_block                        fpp_zoom_set_vga_hpos
fpp_mc_init                                   fpp_zoom_set_vga_phase
fpp_mc_linein_open_storage                    fpp_zoom_set_vga_vpos
fpp_mc_refresh_display_window                 fpp_zoom_vga_autoadjust
fpp_mc_setBufferThreshold                     fppadec
fpp_mc_setDecodeMode                          fppadec_num
fpp_mc_setFrameDeocdeMode                     fppvd
