tvh_add_service_info                          tvh_graphic_thread
tvh_add_test_model                            tvh_is_hh_subtitle
tvh_analog_scan_main_proc                     tvh_is_nordig_country_dvbt_onid
tvh_analog_search_start_scan                  tvh_lrc_player_thread
tvh_analog_search_state_check                 tvh_manual_scan_freq_check
tvh_analog_search_stop_ready                  tvh_media_lrc_get_text_rows
tvh_analog_search_stop_scan                   tvh_media_lrc_get_title_info
tvh_analog_search_variable_init               tvh_media_lrc_play
tvh_atv_ch_info_t                             tvh_media_lrc_stop
tvh_atv_scan_video_mute_t                     tvh_message_notify_module_ready
tvh_change_ttx_digital_language               tvh_message_para
tvh_channel_aft_direct_offset_freq            tvh_miracast_start
tvh_channel_aft_set_tuner                     tvh_miracast_stop
tvh_channel_atv_aft                           tvh_miracast_test
tvh_channel_atv_aft_get_interval              tvh_mmi_enq_t
tvh_channel_atv_aft_set_interval              tvh_mmi_information
tvh_channel_atv_get_channel_info              tvh_mmi_menu_t
tvh_channel_atv_set_channel_info              tvh_model_exit
tvh_ci_ai_enter_menu                          tvh_model_init
tvh_ci_ai_get_appinfo                         tvh_nortify_event
tvh_ci_ammi_close_subtitle                    tvh_notify_func
tvh_ci_api_mutex_protect                      tvh_notifys_func
tvh_ci_api_mutex_unprotect                    tvh_notifys_init
tvh_ci_ca_clear_pmt                           tvh_notifyx_func
tvh_ci_ca_pmt_change                          tvh_notifyx_init
tvh_ci_cam_io_t                               tvh_oad_confirm_future_update
tvh_ci_cam_mem_t                              tvh_oad_confirm_system_software_update
tvh_ci_cam_ssignal_t                          tvh_oad_get_ddb_status
tvh_ci_cam_tsignal_t                          tvh_oad_is_enabled
tvh_ci_card_e                                 tvh_oad_is_monitor
tvh_ci_card_ireq_t                            tvh_oad_set_enabled
tvh_ci_card_movement_isr_fn                   tvh_oad_set_monitor
tvh_ci_cc_card_movement_callback_register     tvh_oad_set_path
tvh_ci_check_tune_lock_status                 tvh_oad_set_tdt_is_ready
tvh_ci_cis_ciplus_compatibility_item_t        tvh_oad_set_tot_is_ready
tvh_ci_configure_with_key                     tvh_playback_Counter
tvh_ci_control_init                           tvh_playback_check_timeshift_cache
tvh_ci_debug                                  tvh_playback_get_real_data_file_number
tvh_ci_dm_erase_certificate                   tvh_printf_service_socket_times
tvh_ci_dm_get_custom_code                     tvh_program_ci_subtitle_lang
tvh_ci_dm_get_custom_code_length              tvh_program_get_sbt_count
tvh_ci_dm_update_certificate                  tvh_program_get_sbt_index
tvh_ci_drv_close                              tvh_program_set_page_id
tvh_ci_drv_get_card_plug_status               tvh_pvr_add_first_event
tvh_ci_drv_get_compatibility_length           tvh_pvr_calc_offset_per_second
tvh_ci_drv_get_compatibility_string           tvh_pvr_calc_second_per_offset
tvh_ci_drv_init                               tvh_pvr_calculate_current_offset
tvh_ci_drv_init_bypass_state                  tvh_pvr_delete_recording
tvh_ci_drv_init_ireq                          tvh_pvr_file_sync_message_handle_task
tvh_ci_drv_io_control                         tvh_pvr_get_current_play_time
tvh_ci_drv_lic_f_init                         tvh_pvr_get_index_array
tvh_ci_drv_open                               tvh_pvr_get_timeshift_data_file_max_number
tvh_ci_drv_phys_check_cis                     tvh_pvr_index_timer
tvh_ci_drv_phys_read_byte                     tvh_pvr_init_playback
tvh_ci_drv_phys_receive_data                  tvh_pvr_init_record
tvh_ci_drv_phys_send_data                     tvh_pvr_is_playback
tvh_ci_drv_phys_write_byte                    tvh_pvr_is_radio
tvh_ci_drv_poweron_with_cam                   tvh_pvr_load_record_list
tvh_ci_drv_register_callback                  tvh_pvr_message_handle_task
tvh_ci_drv_set_bypass_mode                    tvh_pvr_message_send
tvh_ci_drv_set_poweron_with_cam               tvh_pvr_physical_path_is_recording
tvh_ci_ex_cc_init                             tvh_pvr_play_backword_end_handle
tvh_ci_ex_cc_init_uri_version_on_card_remove  tvh_pvr_playback_calc_current_speed
tvh_ci_ex_cc_is_process_pin                   tvh_pvr_playback_get_slow_motion_factor
tvh_ci_ex_cc_register_key_mng_callback        tvh_pvr_playback_is_drop_mode
tvh_ci_ex_cc_register_pin_callback            tvh_pvr_playback_is_jump_mode
tvh_ci_ex_cc_register_srm_callback            tvh_pvr_playback_is_motion_support
tvh_ci_ex_cc_register_uri_callback            tvh_pvr_playback_is_repeat
tvh_ci_ex_hss_init                            tvh_pvr_playback_normal
tvh_ci_ex_hss_register                        tvh_pvr_playback_pause
tvh_ci_ex_hss_unregister                      tvh_pvr_playback_realtime_read
tvh_ci_get_ca_handle                          tvh_pvr_playback_resource_free
tvh_ci_get_ca_system_number                   tvh_pvr_playback_task
tvh_ci_get_card_plug_status                   tvh_pvr_read_recorded_program_info
tvh_ci_get_cc_card_movement_callback          tvh_pvr_record_get_start_offset
tvh_ci_get_current_linein                     tvh_pvr_record_realtime_write
tvh_ci_get_dt_handle                          tvh_pvr_record_resource_free
tvh_ci_get_event                              tvh_pvr_record_task
tvh_ci_get_hss_handle                         tvh_pvr_record_write_info
tvh_ci_get_op_handle                          tvh_pvr_reset_tsd_buffer
tvh_ci_get_satellite_id                       tvh_pvr_set_playback_index_buffer
tvh_ci_handle_ai_module_msg                   tvh_pvr_skip_to_next_position
tvh_ci_handle_ca_module_msg                   tvh_pvr_switch_subtitle
tvh_ci_handle_cc_module_msg                   tvh_pvr_sync_message_send
tvh_ci_handle_hc_module_msg                   tvh_pvr_write_recorded_program_info
tvh_ci_handle_hlc_module_msg                  tvh_record_get_real_data_file_number
tvh_ci_handle_hss_module_msg                  tvh_route_para
tvh_ci_handle_int_init_para_on_card_remove    tvh_sbt_pes_buffer_handle
tvh_ci_handle_int_module_msg                  tvh_scan_aft_without_hsync_loop_check
tvh_ci_handle_int_module_msg_remove_mmi       tvh_scan_channel_set_end
tvh_ci_handle_mmi_module_msg                  tvh_scan_check_afc_window
tvh_ci_handle_op_module_msg                   tvh_scan_check_false_channel
tvh_ci_handle_scan_callback                   tvh_scan_check_sync
tvh_ci_handle_source_change_callback          tvh_scan_exact_freq_loop_check
tvh_ci_handle_status_module_msg               tvh_scan_excat_freq
tvh_ci_handle_upgr_module_msg                 tvh_scan_exit_check
tvh_ci_hc_check_tune_done                     tvh_scan_get_color_audio_system
tvh_ci_hc_control_channel_change              tvh_scan_get_pause_status
tvh_ci_hc_end_wait_pmt_and_play_program       tvh_scan_good_afc
tvh_ci_hc_is_wait_pmt                         tvh_scan_interval_check
tvh_ci_hc_save_program_info                   tvh_scan_record_max_freq_has_been_set
tvh_ci_hc_tune_restore                        tvh_scan_save_program_manual
tvh_ci_hlc_get_country                        tvh_scan_set_freq
tvh_ci_hss_init_sdt_version                   tvh_scan_set_pause_status
tvh_ci_hss_sdt_change                         tvh_scan_start_for_all
tvh_ci_hss_signal_lock                        tvh_scan_start_for_pal
tvh_ci_init                                   tvh_scan_test_secam_l
tvh_ci_init_op_info                           tvh_scart_analyse_level
tvh_ci_inscan                                 tvh_scart_analyse_level.part.1
tvh_ci_is_ciplus_cam                          tvh_scart_config_scart_out
tvh_ci_mheg_is_disable_sbt                    tvh_scart_get_linein_by_pin8_level
tvh_ci_mheg_is_open                           tvh_scart_get_pin8_aspect_ratio
tvh_ci_mmi_close_by_user                      tvh_scart_get_scart_change_step
tvh_ci_mmi_event                              tvh_scart_in_set_video_type
tvh_ci_mmi_get_current_application_index      tvh_scart_init
tvh_ci_mmi_is_mmi_session_open                tvh_scart_notify_linein_change
tvh_ci_mmi_mutex_lock                         tvh_scart_out_get_mute_status
tvh_ci_mmi_mutex_unlock                       tvh_scart_out_set_mute
tvh_ci_mmi_send_enq_answ                      tvh_scart_out_set_source
tvh_ci_mmi_send_menu_answ                     tvh_scart_out_set_wss
tvh_ci_mmi_set_current_application_index      tvh_scart_out_t
tvh_ci_mmi_ui_display_info                    tvh_scart_process_pin8_change
tvh_ci_notify_linein_change                   tvh_scart_set_scart_change_step
tvh_ci_notify_scan                            tvh_scart_system_on_detect
tvh_ci_notify_sourcechange                    tvh_scart_t
tvh_ci_ok_to_route_ts                         tvh_send_cmd_to_app_open_subtitle
tvh_ci_ok_to_show_osd                         tvh_server_recv_send_test_func
tvh_ci_op_checktune_done                      tvh_service_debug_func_set_init
tvh_ci_op_del_all                             tvh_service_dev_ower
tvh_ci_op_exist                               tvh_service_dev_release
tvh_ci_op_factory_reset                       tvh_service_dispatch
tvh_ci_op_get_channel_list_type               tvh_service_exit
tvh_ci_op_get_channel_list_type_name          tvh_service_get_comunicate_sucess_status
tvh_ci_op_get_power_on_time                   tvh_service_init
tvh_ci_op_search_start                        tvh_service_printf_init_times
tvh_ci_op_set_audio_index                     tvh_service_printf_name
tvh_ci_op_set_channel_list_type               tvh_service_process_event
tvh_ci_op_update_nit                          tvh_service_save_time
tvh_ci_pmt_update_register_callback           tvh_service_send_system_message
tvh_ci_rs_ai_application_list_callback        tvh_service_send_system_messages
tvh_ci_rs_ai_free_app_info                    tvh_service_send_system_messagex
tvh_ci_rs_ai_init                             tvh_service_socket_init
tvh_ci_rs_ai_register                         tvh_set_if
tvh_ci_rs_ammi_init                           tvh_set_scan_act_type
tvh_ci_rs_ammi_register                       tvh_set_sound_system
tvh_ci_rs_ammi_unregister                     tvh_simulator_key_run
tvh_ci_rs_ca_init                             tvh_simulator_key_set
tvh_ci_rs_ca_register                         tvh_sort_menu_subtitle_info_by_language
tvh_ci_rs_ca_unregister                       tvh_state_enter
tvh_ci_rs_dt_init                             tvh_state_get_current
tvh_ci_rs_dt_register                         tvh_state_get_handle
tvh_ci_rs_dt_unregister                       tvh_state_get_private_data
tvh_ci_rs_hc_init                             tvh_state_h
tvh_ci_rs_hc_register                         tvh_state_init
tvh_ci_rs_hc_unregister                       tvh_state_leave
tvh_ci_rs_hlc_set_country                     tvh_state_notify
tvh_ci_rs_hlc_set_language                    tvh_state_routine
tvh_ci_rs_mmi_init                            tvh_state_set_handle_context
tvh_ci_rs_mmi_register                        tvh_state_set_private_data
tvh_ci_rs_mmi_unregister                      tvh_state_wait_event
tvh_ci_rs_op_init                             tvh_subtitle_decode_display_exit
tvh_ci_rs_op_register                         tvh_subtitle_decode_display_init
tvh_ci_rs_op_unregister                       tvh_subtitle_decode_exit
tvh_ci_rs_upgr_init                           tvh_subtitle_decoder
tvh_ci_rs_upgr_register                       tvh_subtitle_decoder_init
tvh_ci_rs_upgr_unregister                     tvh_subtitle_display_hide
tvh_ci_save_current_linein                    tvh_subtitle_display_show
tvh_ci_sdt_update_register_callback           tvh_subtitle_displaypthead_exit
tvh_ci_sema_signal                            tvh_subtitle_displaypthead_init
tvh_ci_sema_wait                              tvh_subtitle_pmt_callback
tvh_ci_send_msg_to_ci_task                    tvh_test_os_malloc
tvh_ci_send_msg_to_ci_task_no_wait            tvh_test_video_mute_level
tvh_ci_set_ready_signal_timeout               tvh_time_diff_time
tvh_ci_slot_attributes_t                      tvh_timeshift_speed_test_task
tvh_ci_slot_e                                 tvh_ttx_GetDisplayState
tvh_ci_slot_open_close_e                      tvh_ttx_SetDisplayState
tvh_ci_start                                  tvh_ttx_alarmpage_is_available
tvh_ci_status_notify_callback                 tvh_ttx_capture_proc
tvh_ci_statusreg_isr_fn                       tvh_ttx_change_language_group
tvh_ci_task                                   tvh_ttx_clear_display
tvh_com_event                                 tvh_ttx_close_stream
tvh_com_large                                 tvh_ttx_copy_from_decode_buffer
tvh_com_msg                                   tvh_ttx_dec_get_number_of_pages_in_DB
tvh_database_init                             tvh_ttx_dec_init
tvh_debug_handle                              tvh_ttx_dec_onoff_preset
tvh_dtv_get_play_status                       tvh_ttx_digital_close
tvh_dtv_get_play_status.part.3                tvh_ttx_digital_event
tvh_dtv_service_type_priority                 tvh_ttx_digital_event_task
tvh_dtv_subtitle_get_state                    tvh_ttx_digital_get_line
tvh_dtv_subtitle_set_page_id                  tvh_ttx_digital_init
tvh_dtv_subtitle_start                        tvh_ttx_disable_digital_source
tvh_dtv_subtitle_stop                         tvh_ttx_display
tvh_dtv_subtitle_thread                       tvh_ttx_display_init
tvh_epg_callback                              tvh_ttx_enable_digital_source
tvh_epg_delete_all_event                      tvh_ttx_get_clock
tvh_epg_event_pf_cache                        tvh_ttx_get_flof_top
tvh_epg_get_descriptors_by_tag_and_event      tvh_ttx_get_index_page
tvh_epg_get_parental_rating                   tvh_ttx_get_language_group
tvh_epg_init_setting                          tvh_ttx_get_last_page
tvh_epg_monitor_start                         tvh_ttx_get_last_request_page
tvh_epg_monitor_stop                          tvh_ttx_get_last_subpage
tvh_epg_monitor_thread                        tvh_ttx_get_next_sub_page
tvh_epg_parser                                tvh_ttx_get_stream_bytes
tvh_epg_parser.constprop.1                    tvh_ttx_get_stream_ready_bytes_count
tvh_epg_pf_event_cache_st                     tvh_ttx_goto_page
tvh_epg_pf_event_cache_t                      tvh_ttx_handle_key
tvh_epg_pf_event_item_st                      tvh_ttx_init_decode
tvh_epg_pf_event_item_t                       tvh_ttx_input_alarm_page
tvh_epg_refresh_section_received_state        tvh_ttx_is_cancel_mode
tvh_epg_restart_filter                        tvh_ttx_is_display_on
tvh_epg_set_country                           tvh_ttx_is_sub_available
tvh_epg_set_language                          tvh_ttx_open_page_request
tvh_epg_set_read_flag                         tvh_ttx_open_stream
tvh_epg_start_filter                          tvh_ttx_page_freeze
tvh_freq_dvbc_China                           tvh_ttx_page_is_subnews
tvh_freq_dvbc_Finland                         tvh_ttx_pes_buffer_handle
tvh_freq_dvbc_Other                           tvh_ttx_pes_find_new_packet
tvh_freq_dvbt_Australia                       tvh_ttx_pes_get_header
tvh_freq_dvbt_Boxer                           tvh_ttx_pes_get_line
tvh_freq_dvbt_China                           tvh_ttx_pes_getdata_len
tvh_freq_dvbt_Europe                          tvh_ttx_pes_invalidate_packet
tvh_freq_dvbt_Iran                            tvh_ttx_pes_parse_header
tvh_freq_dvbt_Italy                           tvh_ttx_pes_peek_bytes
tvh_freq_dvbt_Other                           tvh_ttx_pes_read_bytes
tvh_freq_dvbt_Russia                          tvh_ttx_pes_read_uint16
tvh_freq_dvbt_Taiwan                          tvh_ttx_pes_read_uint8
tvh_freq_dvbt_UK_NewZealand                   tvh_ttx_pes_skip_bytes
tvh_freq_dvbt_Vietnam                         tvh_ttx_print_dec_status
tvh_freq_table_get_by_country                 tvh_ttx_req_page_available
tvh_get_config_path_table                     tvh_ttx_reset
tvh_get_miracast_info                         tvh_ttx_reveal_is_available
tvh_get_playback_params_pointer               tvh_ttx_set_display_flag
tvh_get_ready_client_id                       tvh_ttx_set_flof_top
tvh_get_record_params_pointer                 tvh_ttx_set_language_group_by_country
tvh_get_scan_act_type                         tvh_ttx_set_level
tvh_graphic_cleanup                           tvh_ttx_set_no_black_side_bar
tvh_graphic_init                              tvh_ttx_set_timer_page_info_visible
tvh_graphic_layer_configure_get               tvh_ttx_stream_opened
tvh_graphic_layer_free                        tvh_ttx_subpage_cycle_available
tvh_graphic_layer_get                         tvh_ttx_subpage_cycle_model
tvh_graphic_layer_hide                        tvh_ttx_subpage_is_available
tvh_graphic_layer_show                        tvh_ttx_subtitle_switch
tvh_graphic_layer_update                      tvh_ttx_toggle_hold
tvh_graphic_layer_viewport_set                tvh_ttx_toggle_reveal
tvh_graphic_surface_blit                      tvh_ttx_toggle_size
tvh_graphic_surface_create                    tvh_ttx_toggle_subpage_input
tvh_graphic_surface_destroy                   tvh_ttx_toggle_update
tvh_graphic_surface_fill_rectangle            tvh_ttx_vbi_cancel
tvh_graphic_surface_info_get                  tvh_ttx_vbi_data_is_ttx
tvh_graphic_surface_lock                      tvh_ttx_vbi_init
tvh_graphic_surface_palette_get               tvh_ttx_vbi_on
tvh_graphic_surface_palette_set               tvh_ttx_vbi_reset
tvh_graphic_surface_provider_create           tvh_update_menu_service_subtitle
tvh_graphic_surface_read                      tvh_usb_format_task
tvh_graphic_surface_unlock                    tvh_zoom_get_default_config
tvh_graphic_surface_write                     tvh_zoom_get_default_config_count

